Add support for Solr 9.* replication-lag check add basic auth (#30)
sensu-plugins/sensu-plugins-solr: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [1.2.0] - 2023-10-14
### Changed

> - Changed solr replication lag check to also support solr 9.* (@danieltoader)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added backwards compatible support for solr 9.x in `check-solr-replication-lag` by checking both `(follower|slave)` terms in  API response (@danieltoader)
- Added authentication in `check-solr-replication-lag` (@danieltoader)
```
